Updated FAQs Section (#5762)
EddieHubCommunity/support: README.md

## FAQs

- **Q1 What is a GitHub Organization?** 

> - **Ans:** Essentially it's a way to group many repositories in an entity called an organization. An organization also allows us to group people who contribute and are a part of the community. Some examples would be - [Netflix](https://github.com/Netflix), [Facebook](https://github.com/facebook), and of course [EddieHub](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ans:** Essentially it's a way to group many repositories. An organization also allows us to group people who contribute to and are a part of the community. Some examples would be - [Netflix](https://github.com/Netflix), [Facebook](https://github.com/facebook), and of course [EddieHub](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity).
```

Reviewer: @PranavJoshi18, did you commit this suggestion?

    ![Screenshot_20200916_231045](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17693494/93422970-26d9f580-f872-11ea-870d-4406db20e9d5.png)

- **Q4 How do I keep my Git fork up to date?** 
- **Ans:** Add a new remote called `upstream` targeting the original repository. Check out more information on [this issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/support/issues/94).
  
- **Q5 What is DevRel?** 
- **Ans:** Check out the discussion on [this issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/support/issues/64) or on [this YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUZerHctTB8&t=1534s).
  
- **Q6 How do I get started with open source?**

> - **Ans:** You can make your first pull request in this [repository](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/hacktoberfest-practice). Follow the instructions in the README, and don't forget – contributing to open source is not just about code – it's about collaboration, communication, and adding value. Don't be afraid to open an issue with a question :smiley:. If you have any trouble, you can ask questions in our Discord. We have a channel for `first-timers` and `opensource`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ans:** You can make your first pull request in this [repository](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/hacktoberfest-practice). Follow the instructions in the README file. Don't forget, contributing to open source is not just about code but also collaboration, communication, and adding value. Don't be afraid to open an issue with a question :smiley:. If you have any trouble, you can post your questions in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/jmAcBy898Z)server. We have a channel for `first-timers` and `opensource`.
```

>   **Here is a list of resources that also might help you start contributing to open source:**

Reviewer: Hi @PranavJoshi18! :) Congratulations on doing your first PR! 🎉🎊 So far, the info you placed here is great. I think what you can also do is add links to other videos on Open Source that are outside of Eddie’s channel. Here’s an example:

[Creating Forks and Pull Requests](https://youtu.be/nT8KGYVurIU)
My other recommendation is to add brief sentences about key moments to look for.

This is my first PR review, so I hope you find my feedback helpful. If you have any questions or feedback on my review, don’t hesitate to tag my name here!

Author: @CBID2 Hey! actually I made changes to the FAQ Section like adding question number tag, etc which I think you didnt notice!
Kindly check and merge the PR :)

Reviewer: Hi @PranavJoshi18! I can review it, but I'm not granted merging rights.

  - [How to get started in hackathons](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/support/issues/32)
  - [Open source tips from EddieBot](./docs/tips)

> - **Q6 How to look for an open-source project to contribute?** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Q6 How do I look for an open-source project to contribute?** 
```
